How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    diff -u game_new.js game_old.js

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    FC files1.html files2.html

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Know where you edit and what you edit

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Git is more programming oriented, where several files tend to consist one logical group. On the other hand, Google Docs is primarily more targeted for documents created for human readings, in which case each single file consists a meaningful piece.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    git log can be used to list the summaries of all the changes made to the repository.
    git diff can be used to see what has actually changed between two given commits.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    You can try changing any critical features, since you can always revert back to the point when those were working correctly. If you find something is not working, you can git log, and try the previous versions untill you find the one which works, and make diff of the last one that worked correctly and the commit following it. That result would show where and how the bug was introduced.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

* Writing my own programs. (For Android)

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
	
	Can easy and faster to figure out what and why you want to change the code at that time  

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
	pros: can control when you want to save the latest version
	cons: sometimes will forget to save it cause the latest verison has very big different of the previous version

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
    git log: tell user which commit use and have a ID (ex:ID)
    git diff ID2 ID1: you can use git log to find which commit you use and you want to check what is the different betwwn ID2 and ID1

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
    always can go back to old version, and know what you change